♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Pups Get A Lift."
Almost done unloading Mr. Porter's fruits.
Then it's time for Mr. Porter's treats!
Mmm, my favorite time of day.
[sniffing]
I wonder what he's making?
Something smells like…
[sniffing]
Uh-oh, rotten bananas?
[gasps] Ew!
These will make great compost.
When you're done, it goes in the bin.
[both giggle]
One more crate and we're done.
Uh-oh!
Meatballs for two hardworking--
Whoa! [grunts]
Good catch, Mr. Porter.
[laughing]
Nice one, Chase.
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hello, Ryder here.
Hey, Ryder, it's Jake.
Hey, Jake. What's up?
[chuckles] More like who's up, dude.
Huh?
The chairlift broke.
We got everybody off but Katie and Cali.
Check it out. They are seriously stuck.
[meows]
Cali doesn't look happy.
Dude, she is so the opposite of happy.
[Ryder] Is everybody okay?
[Katie] Tell Ryder I'm fine.
But Cali is really getting cold up here.
[groans]
We'll be right there.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Come on, Rubble!
Don't forget your doggy bag!
Six meatballs to go!
One for each pup.
Thanks, Mr. Porter.
You're welcome, pups!
Whoa!
[grunts]
"Orange" you glad
it wasn't a banana peel?
[chuckles]
[all barking]
Whoa!
Our meatballs!
-[howls]
-[gasps]
-Whoa!
-[grunts]
[all] Meatballs!
Mmm. Most delicious wipe-out I ever had.
[all laugh]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Okay, pups, we have an emergency.
[beeps]
Katie and Cali are stuck
high up on a chairlift.
And it's getting cold.
We have to get them down,
then fix the chairlift
so people
can keep having fun snowboarding.3
I could have fun snowboarding.
[Ryder] Let's see…
Pick me! Pick me! Pick me!
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Marshall.
[sighs]
We need you and your ladder
to help Katie and Cali get down.
Ready for a ruff-ruff rescue!
[whimpers]
-[beeps]
-And Rocky--
[sighs]
I'll need you and your tools from
your Pup Pack to help fix the chairlift.
Green means go!
[sighs]
Of all the days
not to need a construction pup.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol! ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-[laughing] Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoa! [barks]
-♪ Marshall! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rocky! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
This way, pups.
All right! [barks]
Whoa! [grunts]
I'm okay.
[Katie] Ryder! Up here!
Marshall, can you get
down there with your truck?
I don't think so, Ryder.
It's too far down and too steep.
Sorry.
Hmm.
[gasps]
I know just the pup to help us out!
I'm sure I could have helped
up on the mountain.
[chuckles]
And maybe done a little snowboarding
while you were there?
Well, if I was all the way up there…
[Ryder] Pups, change in plans.
I need one more of you for the rescue.
[sighs]
Probably needs you to fly in, Skye.
[Ryder] Rubble.
-A helicopter would be more--
-Huh?
What?! I mean, yes!
I mean, anything to help!
I'll need you and your digger here, fast.
Double on the Rubble!
[chuckles] I mean, Rubble on the double!
I'm going to Jake's mountain! Yes!
[all cheering]
[barking]
[Ryder] Hmm…
Uh-oh. There's your problem.
The cable support wheel is broken.
Oh, good eye, Rocky dude.
But we can't fix it
until we get Katie and Cali off the chair.
Once we get them down, Rocky,
you can fix the wheel
and use your pincers in your Pup Pack
to get the cable back into place.
[barks]
I'm on it.
Great. Hang on, Katie.
We'll get you down.
Thanks, Ryder.
[meows]
No, Cali. We're still stuck up here.
But we'll be okay.
[meows]
Rubble, come on. I'll show you
where Katie and Cali are stuck.
They're right down there.
Whoa!
Awesome!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
[grunting]
Marshall!
[Marshall] Uh-oh…
I'm good-- Whoa!
That's one way to get down the hill.
I'm going this way.
Whoa!
[grunts]
Do not try that at home.
Are you okay, Marshall?
I'm fine. Just… helping you guys get down.
That's good, because it's cold
and I'm starting to shiver.
Don't worry.
We'll get you out of that chair
as soon as I get out of this snow.
You okay, buddy?
Yeah. But my tail's a little ch-- chilly.
[laughs]
Hey, Ryder, what's the plan?
We can't get Marshall's ladder down here,
so I thought we could build some stairs.
Huh? Stairs?
We can make a giant snow staircase.
A snow staircase! Like this! [barks]
[barks]
This will work great!
[grunts]
That should do it.
Yay, Ryder! Cali is getting pretty cold.
[meows]
-I'll give you a hand.
-Oh, thanks, Ryder.
[gasps and yowls]
Cali, whoa! What are you doing?
[meows]
[grunts]
-Cali!
-Marshall!
[yowls]
Uh-oh.
[grunts]
[all gasp]
[both] Whoa!
[grunting]
Whoa!
[Marshall grunts]
Cali! Are you okay?
[meows]
-[Ryder] And how about you, Marshall?
-I'm okay.
I'm just not much of a snow pup.
[all chuckle]
Thanks for helping rescue us.
It would have been a long, cold night
stuck on that chairlift.
We're glad you yelped for help.
Right, pups?
[barking and cheering]
I am. Otherwise I wouldn't have
gotten to snowboard.
How's it going up there, Rocky?
That should do it. [barks]
Rocky, you rocked it, dude!
Who wants to make sure
the chairlift is working okay?
Me, me, me!
[howls]
All right, you all deserve
to hit the slopes
'cause you're such good pups.
-[cheering]
-Let's do it!
Let's go! [barking]
Whoo-hoo!
-Hooray!
-[all] Whoo-hoo!
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[giggling]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-Yeah!
-Whee!
-♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[giggles]
Yeah!
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
All right!
[grunts]
[both] Whoa!
[both laugh]
[all laughing]
[theme music playing]